AAP-14712 Add content to upgrade/migration guide for disabling activations for EDA (#878)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/con-aap-upgrade-planning.adoc

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* <<editing-inventory-file-for-updates_{context}, Setting up the inventory file >>

[discrete]
== {EDAcontroller}

> //ATTENTION: Remove this section for AAP 2.5; customers will no longer need to perform deactivation because services will be automatically restored after upgrade and migration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//ATTENTION: Remove this section for EDA 1.0.4; customers will no longer need to perform deactivation because services will be automatically restored after upgrade and migration. 
```

Author: Okay. Duly noted. When will EDA 1.0.4 be released? Will that happen with AAP 2.5 or will it be done with separately?

Author: Thanks for reviewing the update. The note was added for me or anyone else on the docs team. It won't be viewed by customers.

Reviewer: 1.0.4 will be released in 2.4, thats why I think its better to point to eda 1.0.4 instead of aap 2.5

Author: Got it! Thanks for the clarification.

> * If you are currently running {EDAcontroller} and plan to deploy it when you upgrade to {PlatformNameShort} {PlatformVers}, it is recommended that you disable all {EDAName} activations before upgrading  to ensure that only new activations run after the upgrade process has completed. This prevents possibilities of orphaned containers running activations from the previous version.

Reviewer 2: It looks like there might be an extra space after "...before upgrading"

Author: Got it! Done.
